if this video should represent anything
it's simply that no dream is too crazy
to share with the world and pursue and
for us our crazy dream has been six
months in the making and if you have no
idea what I'm talking about here's a
20-second recap to get you up to speed
start the clock six months ago we took
our biggest leap ever as a channel and
posted a video challenging Will Smith to
bungee jump out of a helicopter with us
and to our surprise a week later he
actually accepted and we may have
freaked out a little bit over
this marked the beginning of our journey
to organize this crazy stunt with one of
the biggest movie stars on the planets
would finally met him three months later
in Budapest where he confirmed that the
jump was happening on his 50th birthday
and again we freaked out on September
25th the plan was for us to join Will
Smith in a live stream on YouTube to
cheer him on as he completes our
challenge and celebrates his fiftieth
birthday with his family but for yes
theories part of the challenge Ammar was
scheduled to jump the day before will
and as we arrived to the Grand Canyon on
the 23rd we were not only terrified for
the risky stunt but also completely
clueless to the rollercoaster of
emotions we were about to experience he
scared I don't even know how high I'm
going to be along the rope is gonna be
another proper like briefing session I
want to talk about how scared I am for
your life dude do you understand like
this is the furthest we've ever
stretched the idea of like fear and like
saying yes is a good idea all the time
I'm genuinely really really really
scared like punch is usually a and then
you get caught here at psycho you just
doesn't stop we have the best in the
world doing it but it's just the fact
that it's so rare and like after they
did the test jump they were like well
this was more technical than we expected
yeah no one tell me that this is
supposed to be fun this is supposed to
be celebration for the power of
manifesting your dreams and they were
actually about to blow job
comfortably Smith it's actually outright
just saying it still sounds crazy get
some rest
sleep tight boy good night
you guys here oh my god
[Music]
game day baby it's gonna die I know
nothing I have no idea what's gonna
happen when we get there but it's
happening we're off to the Grand Canyon
got a best friend in a house
[Applause]
[Music]
holy crack to the Grand Canyon baby guys
I believe that is where the party is
happening after will jumps tomorrow oh
my god they built the freakin thing
there's so many people literally the
craziest thing I've ever been a part of
look around
that's the helicopter down there dude
this literally started from us and like
our Facebook post as possible
[Music]
it's wild how this small idea that
started just in our apartment basically
like waking up in our underwear turn
down into this massive production for
Will Smith's 50th birthday it's insane
how huge this production and then FB
maybe 200 it's done people live camera
people crews setting up the tents for
his birthday
a big day tomorrow they're jumping yeah
start on the edge of the helicopters
facing back ok they pick you up that way
and you back on ok sweet my god
[Music]
it's given all the release paper that
happened to sound before I got in the
heli and one of them just says that I
sign my life all right pretty much looks
like there's an actual storm coming
right now literally the tents are like
flying
that was thunder
I mean that's got to be too much man
what's going on don't do it tonight when
did it happen
they know what happened I just got the
call that I will be coming tomorrow
because of logistical and safety reasons
we've been previously told that having a
Marv and we'll jump together on the 25th
would be near impossible but we did not
know however is that this dorm was going
to change the course of events and that
this dream that came to us seven months
ago was the only thing that left to
believe it the first step before anybody
else in the world believes it is you
have to believe it there's a a
redemptive power that making a choice
has right you just decide what its gonna
be who you're gonna be how you're gonna
do it just decide I'm motivated by fear
I hate being scared to do something I
started attacking things that I was
scared of being realistic is the most
commonly traveled road to mediocrity why
would you be realistic what's the point
of being realistic
well I guess will is gonna watch my jump
after all
you look like you're ready to do this
yeah up there you ready for six months
phase four you guys are gonna be in an
elite club of all the people who have
bungee jump less than 5% have done a
helicopter bungee jump with the length
of cord and drop that you're doing and
then on top of it throwing that you're
jumping into a canyon I don't know that
you know y'all said some stuff and made
crazy do go crazier we're gonna do the
do the belly bunchy right now
[Music]
[Applause]
if this one is a testimony for anything
it's a story for removing the old beans
manifesting them I'm just asking for you
want and and it's just spoken into life
you just you just put it out there
is this beautiful
[Music]
first you first check all right
all right it's time to do it enjoy it
enjoy it
[Music]
this is the dream
this is just three years of work and I
couldn't be more grateful I wish my
family was here with me today but I've
got I'm gonna squat and a half we got a
got another family so this moment is any
is all the proof that anyone needs to
just ask for what they want and that's
what we've been all about for the past
three years and this one is to stack up
for that so and now
[Music]
yeah he's looking like you want to
change the name of your crew to maybe
baby sinking in now
yeah maybe ferry doesn't have the same
flow but he has every just changed in
there it was fun as a YouTube challenge
even this part is terrifying
oh my god
this is ridiculous look how gorgeous
that is
see there we go
[Music]
that's enough for today I'll see you
guys
yes I think I may have the guy just
pushed me
Wow
you're in for two
[Music]
say
like the bacon is right below yo one
advice
that was the best moment of my life I
think that was that I think standing
next to Wilson that one to number one
I'm literally in tears
for the three years we've been making
videos together September 25th will be a
historic day for not only us but the
entire yes theory movement everything we
stand for was validated by someone who
personally inspired us to commit our
lives to the message of love over fear
and it literally all happened because a
few thousand of you believed in us when
we put the challenge out and decided to
comment on wills channel to get his
attention
I hate being scared man and when the
guys from yes Theory challenged me it
was like I got scared right I loved the
concept of yes theory when I started
with social media and started moving in
to YouTube what I realized is that it
was a whole different world and their
video was my invitation to the club
gotcha
we didn't we never met we talked to each
other through videos and it was like I
just love that kind of interaction you
sort of we developed a friendship long
before we had even met just by
responding back and forth to each other
in the video today we make friends when
they challenge you to do this to do the
nest
we truly believe that seeking discomfort
is the secret to unlocking life's most
unique experiences and we hope that this
inspired you to ask yourself what's my
job three years together and it all
leads to this moment right there's so
much love and so much hardness and now
we are we get this I was so scared